hood down I just like to talk trash I
like I think it's funny and why not I
was just a spectator for any pro
anything as a spectator the best thing
you can have is is somebody to talk
trash and just speak their mind and be
honest that's and I hate I hate how like
I can't stand watching okay i rephrase
that I don't like how a lot of like
professional anything like sports any
sports everyone just gives these stupid
PR answers like yeah they're good and
there's strong team and we'll try our
best like what the hell just say what
you actually think and if you're on then
your own and then you'll have a more
accurate representation of how strong
you actually are so you'll be like more
accurate in your next honest answer to a
question like I don't know like to me I
just unlike the last person to be like
okay I should say if I ever give it p re
answer like a super PR answer that's
yeah they're good and they can beat us
and we can beat them I'm just either
lazy or I'm straight up lying to you cuz
I'll probably always say more than that
and but but I am exaggerating obviously
sk is a good team they're at the top in
the top 12 teams in the world but
they're obviously good and discredit
them as it I just of the top 12 teams I
think they're the worst but I think
they're the joke because they have so
many fanboys like I didn't I never
thought that they were like a joke team
I just think it's there their whole like
thing about being really popular in
ocelot world and all this stuff and
still trying to be a professional team
and they're they're the worst in my
opinion out of the 12 they're down there
with Saigon Jokers
silly Hank know what car crash I'm sorry
if it offends people yeah I'm not that
serious obviously frost is also is
really good but I'm not gonna in an
interview I'm not gonna say yeah for us
is really good but they're overrated and
here's a list of reasons why they're
good here's listen reasons why they'll
just be like yeah they're already and
here's rather already because I don't
wanna I don't want to go on these long
super ridiculous rants about like taking
both sides and settles i'll stick one
and